clarification about when to send path-abandon (#511)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

This document does not specify per-path idle timeouts. An endpoint
can decide to close a path at any time, whether the path is in active
use or not, by sending a PATH_ABANDON frame. For the initial PATH_ABANDON
frame to close a path, it is not required

> to send a PATH_ABANDON frame at any specific point in time.

Reviewer: The sentence "For the initial PATH_ABANDON
frame to close a path, it is not required
to send a PATH_ABANDON frame at any specific point in time" is rather hard to parse. How about removing it entirely? We have already said that "An endpoint
can decide to close a path at any time."

Author: I marking this comment as resolved now because you it added in somewhere in the middle and that stops me from suggesting a change. Please see the change I will suggest next and let me know that's better. Otherwise we can maybe also remove this part.

> For example, an endpoint may wait until it will anyway send another frame.

Reviewer 2: Based on https://github.com/quicwg/multipath/issues/505#issuecomment-2727266283, shouldn't we explicitly state that we want endpoints to immediately react to the reception of a PATH_ABANDON? Also the normative nature of the should depends if we keep this in implementation guidance or not...

```suggestion
However, the endpoint that did not initiated the path abandonment should immediately
reply with a PATH_ABANDON frame upon reception of a PATH_ABANDON frame (see {{path-close}}).

```

Author: We can add this sentence if that makes it even more clearer. However why did you remove the other sentence?

Reviewer 2: Oh, that was an oversight, will fix this!

> use or not, by sending a PATH_ABANDON frame. For the initial PATH_ABANDON
> frame to close a path, it is not required
> to send a PATH_ABANDON frame at any specific point in time.
> For example, an endpoint may wait until it will anyway send another frame.

Author: ```suggestion
use or not. For example, an endpoint may wait to send
the initial PATH_ABANDON frame until it anyway sends another frame.
Note that the receiver of an initial PATH_ABANDON frame is, however,
required to immediately reply (see {{path-close}}).
```

Author: Does that work for you @huitema and @qdeconinck ?

Reviewer: Works for me.
